[rocThrust][Code Coverage] Increase Code Coverage (#410)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocthrust/CHANGELOG.md

* Updated the required version of Google Benchmark from 1.8.0 to 1.9.0.
* Drop `c++14` support for rocthrust.
* Renamed `cpp14_required.h` to `cpp_version_check.h`
* Refactored `test_header.hpp` into separte modules `test_param_fixtures.hpp`, `test_real_assertions.hpp`, `test_imag_assertions.hpp`, and `test_utils.hpp`.
  * This is done to prevent unit tests from having access to modules that they're not testing. This will improve the accuracy of code coverage reports.

### Added
* Additional unit tests for:
  * binary_search
  * complex
  * c99math
  * catrig
  * ccosh
  * cexp
  * clog
  * csin
  * csqrt
  * ctan

> * Added `test_param_fixtures.hpp` to store all the paramaeters for typed test suites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `test_param_fixtures.hpp` to store all the parameters for typed test suites.
```

> * Added `test_real_assertions.hpp` to handle unit tests assertions for real numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `test_real_assertions.hpp` to handle unit test assertions for real numbers.
```

> * Added `test_imag_assertions.hpp` to handle unit tests assertions for imaginary numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `test_imag_assertions.hpp` to handle unit test assertions for imaginary numbers.
```

* `clang++` is now used to compile google benchmarks on Windows.
* Added gfx950 support.
* Merged changes from upstream CCCL/thrust 2.6.0

### Removed

* `device_malloc_allocator.h` has been removed. This header file was unused and should not impact users.
* Removed C++14 support, only C++17 is supported.

> * `test_header.hpp` was removed for a more de-coupled headers. HIP_CHECK, the test and inter_run_bwr namespace was moved to `test_utils.hpp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `test_header.hpp` has been removed. The `HIP_CHECK` function, as well as the `test` and `inter_run_bwr` namespaces, have been moved to `test_utils.hpp`.
```

> * `test_assertions.hpp` was split up into `test_real_assertions.hpp` and `test_imag_assertions.hpp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `test_assertions.hpp` has been split into `test_real_assertions.hpp` and `test_imag_assertions.hpp`.
```
